recommend using gpt-4o model (#7466)
microsoft/vscode-docs: api/extension-guides/language-model.md

### Choosing the appropriate model

> Extension authors can choose which model is the most appropriate for their extension. We recommend using `gpt-4o` for it's performance and quality. `gpt-3.5-turbo`, and `gpt-4` are also available. To get a full list of available models, you can use this code snippet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extension authors can choose which model is the most appropriate for their extension. We recommend using `gpt-4o` for its performance and quality. In addition, `gpt-3.5-turbo`, and `gpt-4` are also available. To get a full list of available models, you can use this code snippet:
```

```typescript
const allModels = await vscode.lm.selectChatModels(MODEL_SELECTOR);
```

> > **Note**: All models have the limit of `4K` tokens. The returned model object from `selectChatModels` call has the attribute `maxInputTokens` that shows the token limit. These limits will be expanded as we learn more how extensions are using the language models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: All models have a limit of `4K` tokens. The returned model object from the `selectChatModels` call has a `maxInputTokens` attribute that shows the token limit. These limits will be expanded as we learn more about how extensions are using the language models.
```
